So let's go ahead and continue.
We're past these buttons and we're going to go down below.
Once again we have a row and then call them the six while I'm using calling them D6 here for the add
new account and place where you can basically see a new account.
Why is it called and D6.
Half of the screen half screen size that space will not have screen size because we're using this container
but just half size.
Let's go ahead and describe it as such.
Because as you can see it literally takes half of the width of the container size if we use container
fluid it would actually be half the screen size that.
So this entire form the simple form is half of the container with OK.
So it's an empty six.
And your count.
And now we have something new here it's as glass equals four group.
So we would like this to be in one group which will be detached from the group down below intron term
will be detached from this group down below.
What am I doing here.
Well see title.
So the input field for the title it's in one group and then you go to another forum group where you
have a description and then you go into another group which is where you have balance and as you can
see tidal and you put a title here and then you have a different group which is a description where
you can type in a description and that is basically what bootstrap does is separate these two.
A little bit and style of them as well.
So no big deal there.
If we go all further down below you will see that we also need to state for and control in order to
state that this input should be styled.
We see it with the bootstrap as well.
So you get some nice things.
I see it.
It just looks better in general but we have plugged in some of our own styles.
So just just to before I leave this file go from here.
So this one this one and this one.
They are the same just for different inputs.
That's all that there is to it.
But we have created some of our own styles and if we go into see a SS apt out component Dotsie SS for
Dot A.S.C. you have Bouyeri bottom and it's one pixel and it's solid which means it's not interrupted
it's one story one line around the padding you already know the background color you already know.
But why are we stating border bottom here and look down bloats is not A.S.C..
Colin first child border top Well OK let me just go ahead and zoom in.
We don't want each one of these to have a top border.
We want only the first one to have the top border you can see it.
If I move the mouse away you can see that there is a very thin black line across the top.
In fact
border top we can.
I don't know we can do something crazy like this.
As you can see the border is a lot thicker and we only won the first child to have the top border because
all the other ones we want them to have the bottom border so that in between them we wouldn't have double
borders which would look kind of stupid.
So only the first one will have the top border and the other ones will have the bottom one.
So I mean just go ahead and state that this is basically one.
So it's his first child.
The first one that's that's going to be displayed there will have the top order.
Everybody else including that first child will have the bottom border so that's that's very useful for
us in terms of styling and A.S.C. colon hover.
It means that basically we have a background color every time we move our mouse over it.
So here it's greed painfully green.
And then you have the form down below which is the last on our input form.
So just giving it some just giving in a margin.
And then the border that's that you know.
But border radius What does this mean.
So it says for pixels.
That's the curve's to zoom in furter.
And as you can see the left and right border the left and right the borders to the top left to the.
Sorry.
These ones from they would form the borders of the entire form.
They have a curve.
They have a slight curve around the edges which is really what we want so far.
If border radius was zero we obviously wouldn't have any.
Well if we could then just delete it basically Anyway anyway we go back to the apt component and here
we have the very last thing that we're going to do here just as another form group we're creating another
form group for our button B.T. and success BATNA between success so BATNA success is basically to create
that's green in this style.
In this in this team it's going to be green and some other team might have a different color but that's
all they're doing here.
But just using the button class and in restating which color we wanted to be.
OK so that's it.
We're going to go ahead and move onwards in the follow up tutorial.